このフォルダーは、[ISO Schematron](https://github.com/Schematron/schematron)のコピー。
EN 16931-1では、[eInvoicing-EN16931-validation-1.3.2](../eInvoicing-EN16931-validation-1.3.2)ページにあるcmdファイルでSchematronファイルをスタイルシート(XSLT2)にmvnで変換してexampleにあるインボイスのXMLファイルを検証している。

元のREADME.mdは、以下の内容。
# ISO SCHEMATRON 2010  

XSLT implementation by Rick Jelliffe with assistance from members of Schematron-love-in maillist.

2010-04-21

Two distributions are available. One is for XSLT1 engines. 
The other is for XSLT2 engines, such as SAXON 9.

This version of Schematron splits the process into a pipeline of several different XSLT stages.

1. First, preprocess your Schematron schema with `iso_dsdl_include.xsl`. This is a macro processor to assemble the schema from various parts. If your schema is not in separate parts, you can skip this stage. This stage also generates error messages for some common XPath syntax problems.

2. Second, preprocess the output from stage 1 with `iso_abstract_expand.xsl`. This is a macro processor to convert abstract patterns to real patterns. If your schema does not use abstract patterns, you can skip this stage.

3. Third, compile the Schematron schema into an XSLT script. 
This will typically use `iso_svrl_for_xslt1.xsl` or `iso_svrl_for_xslt2.xsl` (which in turn invoke `iso_schematron_skeleton_for_xslt1.xsl` or `iso_schematron_skeleton_for_saxon.xsl`) However, other "meta-stylesheets" are also in common use; the principle of operation is the same. If your schema uses Schematron phases, supply these as command line/invocation parameters to this process.

4. Fourth, run the script generated by stage 3 against the document being validated. If you are using the SVRL script, then the output of validation will be an XML document. If your schema uses Schematron parameters, supply these as command line/invocation parameters to this process. 

The XSLT2 distribution also features several next generation features, such as validating multiple documents. See the source code for details.

Schematron assertions can be written in any language, of course; the file `sch-messages-en.xhtml` contains the diagnostics messages from the XSLT2 skeleton in English, and this can be used as template to localize the skeleton's error messages. Note that typically programming errors in Schematron are XPath errors, which requires localized messages from the XSLT engine.

## ANT
To give an example of how to process a document, here is a sample ANT task.
```
<target  name="schematron-compile-test" >
	<!-- expand inclusions -->
	<xslt style="code/iso_dsdl_include.xsl"
		in="test.sch"
		out="test1.sch"> 
		<classpath>
			<pathelement location="lib/saxon9he.jar"/>
		</classpath>
	</xslt>
	<!-- expand abstract patterns -->
	<xslt style="code/iso_abstract_expand.xsl"
		in="test1.sch"
		out="test2.sch"> 
		<classpath>
			<pathelement location="lib/saxon9he.jar"/>
		</classpath>
	</xslt>
	<!-- compile it -->
	<xslt style="code/iso_svrl_for_xslt2.xsl"
		in="test2.sch"
		out="test.xsl"> 
		<classpath>
			<pathelement location="lib/saxon9he.jar"/>
		</classpath>
	</xslt>
	<!-- validate -->
	<xslt style="test.xsl"
		in="instance.xml"
		out="instance.svrlt"> 
		<classpath>
			<pathelement location="lib/saxon9he.jar"/>
		</classpath>
	</xslt>
</target>
```		
