In this process the Buyer and the Seller conclude a formal contract (or there is an assumed contract by legal definition) in which the terms and conditions are stated under which goods and services will be delivered and are paid for. The Buyer orders the goods and services, stating the specifications for goods and services, the quantities and the place and time of delivery. The Seller delivers the ordered goods and services to the Receiver as specified on the purchase order. This delivery is then invoiced by the Seller to the Buyer. Finally, the Buyer pays the Payee.  
A purchase order is sent by the Buyer as a single document. Depending on the contract between the Seller and the Buyer the purchase order may be confirmed by the Seller or even be the subject of negotiation between Buyer and Seller (not shown in the diagram). The resulting purchase order then may result in one or more deliveries (e.g. regular monthly or periodic supply with multiple deliveries under one PO). Each delivery results in an invoice. An invoice may only refer to one delivery and one purchase order.  
The delivery may include the pick-up and return of returnable packaging from previous deliveries and, for which a payment (deposit) had previously been made by the Buyer and had been received by the Seller. Depending on the agreement between the Seller and Buyer, this deposit may need to be reimbursed to the Buyer using the invoice to account for reimbursement. The invoice may therefore contain lines with a negative amount.   Alternatively, credit notes may be used instead.  
In a number of national and legal environments, descriptions of products, names and addresses of parties, and locations are obligatory in the electronic messages. Therefore, textual representation of these objects is included in the core invoice model. In other jurisdictions, the Buyer and the Seller may agree on one or more identification schemes for products, locations, parties and other objects. These schemes remove the need for textual based descriptions and names and addresses of the objects identified. These schemes are usual agreed in advance of the Purchase to Pay process and there are various mechanism used for this. This process is called Master Data Synchronisation. In the core invoice model it is assumed that a Master Data Synchronisation process has not been implemented.  